Cypress issue#92: cy.contains() doc. (#2397)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/api/commands/contains.md

Without the explicit selector the subject would change to be the `<button>`. Using the explicit selector ensures that chained commands will have the `<form>` as the subject.

## Case Sensitivity

> Here's an example about `matchCase` option to ignore case sensitivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example using the `matchCase` option to ignore case sensitivity.
```

cy.contains('Yes, Delete!').click()
```

## Leading, trailing, duplicate whitespaces aren't ignored in `<pre>` tag

> Unlike other tags, `<pre>` doesn't ignore leading, trailing, duplicate whitespaces like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike other tags, `<pre>` doesn't ignore leading, trailing, or duplicate whitespaces as shown below:
```
